Program Your Home Server / Architecture:
The server is aware of all the modules that exist for it. A module itself is independent of the server and knows nothing about it.
As opposed to the plugin architecture, where the server is unaware of the existing plugins, but the plugins know that they 'are' a plugin
for a certain server. This choise makes sense, since the modules do work completely independent: setting a light to a certain state
has nothing to do with powering on a TV. That combination only makes sense to the user in the way he or she configured the server
to provide an activity that combines those states. So the server is dumb with regards to implementation, it only references
the module api's. But it does know how to translate activity settings to API calls for all of the modules and it does know
how to define and manage an activity. Also it can provide fine grained access to the individual modules.

One individual module:
Consists of an implementation of the API of that module. Usually it has one or more getters for the (current) state of the items in
that module and several ways to perform an action / set a state for those items. These can range from very 'low-level' controls to
more 'high-level' actions, such as 'ensure this state for that item'

Configuration implementation:
Both the server (activity) configuration and the internal module configuration are nicest to do in XML according to a strict XSD.
This will provide 1 common definition (XSD) and has the possibility to have more than 1 UI that enables the user to change the config.
On the module side, this will concern details about how the module works, on the server side this will contain the activities that
a user has and what those activities mean for the state of things in a certain module. The XSD cannot contain f.i. light name enumerations
or remote names enumeration, so those must be 'free' strings. The UI can make these into drop downs, since it can know what the possible
light and remote names are.
So the server must also read out and understand the configuration of the modules. For instance, to provide a ... hmm maybe that isn't true,
no, that shouldn't be true. All info a server needs for proper activity configuration should be accessable through the API of that module.
For for IR this means that the list of remotes/devices with names should be available, the capabilities they have should also be, but not any
key mapping or timeout features. So that does mean that for a proper 'type safe' server activity configuration, you must have a running
server, so it can 'ask' the module API's for meaningful data on the possibilities for the activitities. Manually editing a config XML 'offline'
is always an option of course, but meaningful server side (of through a client UI) editing only makes sense on a running server (not so weird
actually, makes sense for most applications. This though, means that there is a dependency between a module config / state and a server config.
For instance, if you use a remote in an activitity, but at a certain point in time the module does not offer that remote any more,
the activity becomes invalid. This could be checked upon activating an activity: is the stuff I'd like from the module still possible?
A certain kind of activity validation, that could be shared between server activity config time and server activity 'runtime' (activation time).

IR module:
Configuration contains all remotes and their capabilities. For instance: OnOffable, InputSelectable, OutputSelectable, Channellable,
Playbackable, etc. These need to be mapped to the actual Remote keys that represent them. Furthermore, you should be able to
provide a timeout that needs to be respected e.g. after a power on. That time is needed for the device to do it's thing and
be able to receive new commands afterwards.
Idea: use a naming convention, so you could just say:
'I'm using the naming convention' without any further mapping. Naming convention should be something like
'INPUT_...', 'DIGIT_....' (or CHANNEL_...), 'PLAYBACK_PLAY/PAUSE/STOP' etc. Pressing a certain key should still be possible
as fine grained control. On the Java side these capabilities could have interfaces with button mapping implementations.
e.g. PowerOnOffable could have powerOn(), powerOff() and powerSwitch() where switch would just 'press' the power button,
and 'on' and 'off' would use the internal state cache to determine if any and which action is necessary.
e.g. Channalable would have setChannel(int channel), channelUp(), channelDown()
e.g. Inputtable would have setInput(String name)
With regard to WinLIRC data, that should be used to verify if the given config is correct. Also during config, this can
be a drop down from existing data from conf files and/or running WinLIRC server.

State caching:
Only modules will cache state! The server will only provide state to clients upon request and just calls all modules state getters at that point.
The module implementation can decide to reply out of internal cache or do a 'real' refresh. The module will provide an event to the server
if there is a cache update, so the server can tell the client to refresh it's UI (from that module). Modules will use their state cache to
handle state update requests in a 'smart' way: not turn on devices that are already on etc.

Client / UI:
Will get a list of possible activities from the server. Actually more general will get a list of things that it can do, also module specific stuff.
Most basic client only handles activities (with name/image) in tree structure. Optionally have module specific UI controls.

Sensors / events:
Sensors can be polled to obtain information. A general architectural design should be:
- A sensor API that will only 'take action' upon invocation.
- A poller in the server module that will call the sensor reading method periodically.
- The poller contains the logic to decide when to throw an event object about an interesting event.
  - This can be either a 'special' event like a sunrise, or a general 'value changed' event.


Technical notes:
- pyh.properties.location should point to a file that ends with .properties. Otherwise Spring will not pick it up!